---
title: i18n
---

This is where all the config goes for our i18n plugin for internationalisation. We also have our language file store here as js files.

Each language has a module.exports with all language translations inside this object.

## Configuration

We need to add the locales as an array of languages and specify the code, iso, name and file that contains the default exported javascript of the language translations.

```js
locales: [
  {
    code: 'en',
    iso: 'en-US',
    name: 'English',
    file: 'en.js',
  },
]
```

There are many options we can choose from and for all options please refer to the [nuxt-i18n plugin docs](https://nuxt-community.github.io/nuxt-i18n/options-reference.html).

defaultLocale to be English

```js
  defaultLocale: 'en',
```

Seo to be false as this slows performance. However we then all to the head of the layout/page component a const i18nSeo to tackle this problem. This is more performant and is explianed in [nuxt-i18n plugin docs](https://nuxt-community.github.io/nuxt-i18n/seo.html).

```js
  seo: false,
```

lazy to be true so we can lazy load languges

```js
  lazy: true,
```

Name the langDir so we know where to lazy load the languages from

```js
  langDir: 'i18n/',
```

Set parse pages to false as By default, custom routes are extracted from page files using acorn parsing

```js
  parsePages: false,
```

Vuex set to false as we are not using the vuex store

```js
  vuex: {
    moduleName: 'i18n',
    mutations: {
      setLocale: false,
      setMessages: false,
    },
    preserveState: false,
  },
```

Pages is here we define what pages are called in other languages for the url. For linking to these pages we only have to call the actual page component name and then this plugin will convert that url for each language. If non is defined here then all languages will use the page component's name as the url.

```js
  pages:{
    contact: {
      en: '/contact',
      es: '/contacto',
    },
  }
```

We have set the fallbackLocale to be English

```js
vueI18n: {
    fallbackLocale: 'en',
  },
```
